you read The Count of Monte Cristo
lately I read a little bit of it every
night
I read words like avenge sweet lasting
revenge I don't want you getting in any
trouble
come on foggy no another door that's all
I wish for you and your friends that's
it I've said nothing else I swear four
friends raised in a legacy of crime
everybody says this place come for jobs
who is everybody you think run for King
benefit I did okay a lot of things but
when a childhood prank resulted in an
accident the court hereby sentences you
to the less than one year at the
Wilkinson Home for Boys the punishment
you gotta have rules and you gotta have
discipline was far more than they
deserved a lot of power to have a little
boy I don't want anybody know so might
as well not even talk about it
the truth stays with us
years later they bound together he went
in there and asked for the case now you
tell me what the hell kind of friend is
that in a pact to avenge those who
destroyed their innocence you still
sleep with the light on
place a Mike it's payback time it's our
time
I don't think you know the meaning of
rules rule you understand we need
someone to take the standards so you
figured if you had a priest would be
perfect
not just any priest this is a murder
case I am afraid that I'll make a
mistake
can you go down for the dirt nap no nose
if they do this information I mean
nobody how did you get it it fell into
my lap priest wouldn't lie right
has anyone ever questioned you word
before today no but there's a first time
for everything
sleepers based on the controversial
bestseller